Bidirectional goaway (#627)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

* Too Many Subscribes: The session was closed because the subscriber used
  a Subscribe ID equal or larger than the current Maximum Subscribe ID.

* GOAWAY Timeout: The session was closed because the peer took too long to
  close the session in response to a GOAWAY ({{message-goaway}}) message.
  See session migration ({{session-migration}}).

## Migration {#session-migration}

MOQT requires a long-lived and stateful session. However, a service
provider needs the ability to shutdown/restart a server without waiting for all
sessions to drain naturally, as that can take days for long-form media.

> MOQT avoids this via the GOAWAY message ({{message-goaway}}).

Reviewer: nit: this sentence is a bit vague.

```suggestion
MOQT enables proactively draining sessions via the GOAWAY message ({{message-goaway}}).
```

> The server sends a GOAWAY message, signaling the client to establish a new
> session and migrate any active subscriptions. The GOAWAY message optionally
> contains a new URI for the new session, otherwise the current URI is
> reused. The server SHOULD terminate the session with 'GOAWAY Timeout' after a
> sufficient timeout if there are still open subscriptions or fetches on a
> connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An endpoint sends a GOAWAY message to signal to the peer to establish a new
session and migrate any active subscriptions. The GOAWAY message optionally
contains a new URI for the new session, otherwise the current URI is
reused. The endpoint SHOULD terminate the session with 'GOAWAY Timeout' after a
sufficient timeout if there are still open subscriptions or fetches.
```

> When the server is a subscriber, it SHOULD send a GOAWAY message to downstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the endpoint is a subscriber, it SHOULD send a GOAWAY message to downstream
```
